# Link Server and Faction
Many faction-oriented features require a link to be created between the faction and the Discord server for security purposes. In this tutorial, we will be linking your faction and a Discord server together. First of all, to proceed, you will need have [AA permissions]() in your faction and will have to have administrator permissions in the Discord server.

First, we will be retrieving the IDs of the faction and the Discord server. As you retrieve these values, you should temporarily save them in a file for you to access as we progress through this tutorial. You can find the ID of the faction by searching for the faction by name in-game and the ID will be in the URL after `&ID=`. For example, if you search for the faction `Natural Selection`, the faction's URL is `https://www.torn.com/factions.php?step=profile&ID=9533` and the ID of the faction is `9533`. For the Discord server's ID, you can follow [Discord's guide](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/206346498-Where-can-I-find-my-User-Server-Message-ID#h_01HRSTXPS5N2Y7H57WNY7DJSC8) to get this.

Now that you have retrieved your faction ID and the Discord server ID, we can start by setting the server ID for your faction. You will only be able to set the server ID for the faction you are currently in and this will require you to have [AA permissions]() in the faction. On the [Tornium faction bot](https://tornium.com/faction/bot) page, you can paste the Discord server ID under the `Guild ID` input box. Make sure you press `Enter` after inputting the server ID so that the server ID of the faction will be updated. If you refresh the page, the `Guild ID` input box should now show the ID of the Discord server you previously filled in.

After setting your faction's server ID, we can now add the faction's ID to the server's list of factions. On the [Tornium server selector](https://tornium.com/bot/dashboard), select the server which you've previously copied the ID of. At the top of this dashboard of server-related configurations is a section about factions in the server. Paste the previously copied ID of your faction into the input box in this section. Upon pressing the `Add` button, the faction name should appear underneath the input box. Next to the faction name will be a checkmark or cross-mark indicating either successful or unsuccessful linking respectively. If a cross-mark appears next to your faction's name, go back through the previous steps and make sure they were done properly.

Once the checkmark appears next to your faction name, your faction and Discord server have been properly linked together. And now Discord features for your faction will now begin working and can be configured by you or anyone with administrator permissions in the server.
