# Setup Banking
In this tutorial, we will be setting up banking for a faction in a Discord server. Tornium banking will allow faction members to request funds to be withdrawn from their vault balance and sent to them. Once the vault request has been made, faction bankers will have an hour to send the money through the message generated by the bot before the request is cancelled. Before starting, you will need to have completed the following steps:
1. [Bot installation](discord-server-installation.md): Install the bot in your Discord server
2. [Faction-server linking](discord-server-link.md): Link your faction and Discord server together
3. (Recommended) [Setup verification](discord-server-verification.md): Set up verification in your Discord server using Tornium

First, we'll need to set up the Discord channel and role to use for banking. The banking channel is where the bot sends vault requests in the Discord server, and therefore it is suggested that the channel is configured to only allow bankers of that faction access to that channel. The banker role in the Discord server is pinged in the previous channel when a vault request is sent and should be given to members of the faction with banking permissions.

## Banking Configuration
Now that we have a channel and role set up for banking, we will open the Discord server's dashboard. Select your Discord server on Tornium's [server selector](https://tornium.com/bot/dashboard) to open your server's dashboard. The section for banking can be found under the `Faction Banking` header. This faction banking section contains all the configuration options for banking for factions in your Discord server.

Find your faction's name in this section. Next to your faction's name will be two select boxes for the banking channel and the banking role respectively. In the first select box, choose the Discord channel for banking you had previously created. And in the second select box, choose the Discord role for banking you'd created above. You can ensure that the settings have saved by refreshing the page and checking the roles are still listed. At this point, we have now set up faction banking for your Discord server. For more information, see the [banking reference](../reference/bot-banking.md) page.

## Slash Commands
Once you've completed the banking configuration, you can start using the two main slash commands provided by Tornium for banking: `/withdraw` and `/cancel`.

The [`/withdraw`](../reference/bot-banking.md#withdraw-command) slash command allows faction members to request money from their faction balance. When withdrawing money, the bot will check their vault balance in their current faction before sending a message in the configured channel and ping the configured role.

The [`/cancel`](../reference/bot-banking.md#cancel-command) slash command allows faction members to cancel their most recent vault request. By providing a withdrawal ID, you can cancel previous vault requests.
